doc: prepare new release 3.4.2 (#4024)
tracim/tracim: changelog.md

## 3.4.2 / 2021-01-07

### Fixed Issues

> - UX: [4023](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4023)

Reviewer: Is this an issue? Or rather a new functionality?

Author: good question

Reviewer 2: it's a feature

Author: thanks, I have not really read isse label :(

> - UX: [4023](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4023)
> - Backend: [3997](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3997),
> [4000](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4000)
> - Doc: [3988](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3988)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UX: [#4023](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4023)
- Backend: [#3997](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3997),
[#4000](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4000)
- Doc: [#3988](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3988)
```

Author: Fix also for 3.4.1

## 3.4.2 / 2021-01-08

### New Features

> - Personal activity feeds is now the home page when you login in Tracim if you have space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The personal activity feed is now the home page when you log in Tracim when you are a member of a space
```
